https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-23489 Secure clusters tech debt updates (#8239)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: secure_clusters/cert_byo.adoc

> [#customize-ca-cert-obs]
> = Customizing Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for Observability

Author: Reverting change to reduce tedious work.
```suggestion
[#certificates-byo]
= Bringing your own Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for Observability
```

> When you install {acm}, only Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for Observability are provided by default. If you do not want to use the default Observability CA certificates generated by {acm-short}, you can choose to bring your own observability CA certificates before you enable Observability.

Reviewer: optional:

I don't think we need "generated by {acm-short} since we already said the Observability CA was provided by default when the user installs ACM.

However, I agree with you that some things need reiterating, so if you think it benefits the user to make very clear that the CA is generated by ACM, feel free to keep it here. 

```suggestion
When you install {acm}, only Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for Observability are provided by default. If you do not want to use the default Observability CA certificates, you can choose to bring your own observability CA certificates before you enable Observability.
```

> When you install {acm}, only Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for Observability are provided by default. If you do not want to use the default Observability CA certificates generated by {acm-short}, you can choose to bring your own observability CA certificates before you enable Observability.

Author: Personal note:
if developer and peer reviewer agree with the title change, I will move forward and update additional link references that have the `certificates-byo` anchor.

Author: Reverted change for this. Just focusing on high level updates like structure, removing h3 and h4 headers, component name consistencies, and removing anchor for prereqs

.Prerequisites

*Required access:* Administrator

> Customize your CA certificates for Observability with the following steps: 

Reviewer: At first, I read "Customize your CA certificates.." as part of prereqs. Seems like maybe this should be it's own header, like how you have for "Replacing certificates.."

Am I correct that in order for the user to bring their own Observabilty CA 9the titel of this doc), they need to complete 2 separate procedures: 1) Customize CA certificate... and 2) Replace Certificates...

Or is "Customize your CA certificate..." the general steps to bring your own Obsverability CA, and that's why it's not its own header? 

Basically, what do you think of something like this: 

```suggestion
[#customize-cert]
== Customizing your CA certificates for Observability

 When you choose to bring your own Observability CA certificate, customize it to make it help you with your specific development needs. 
 
 .Prerequisites

*Required access:* Administrator
 
 Customize your CA certificates for Observability with the following steps:
```

Reviewer: Note, if you do choose to make this section a level header 2, perhaps the Prereqs should come before it. Basically, if the Required access: Administrator is needed for both the Customizing of the Observability CA and the Replacing of the RBAC query, then keep the prereqs where you have them, before we tell users to customize the observaibity CA

[#certificates-byo]
= Bringing your own Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for Observability

When you install {acm}, only Certificate Authority (CA) certificates for Observability are provided by default. If you do not want to use the default Observability CA certificates, you can choose to bring your own observability CA certificates before you enable Observability.

.Prerequisites

*Required access:* Administrator

[#customize-cert]
== Customizing your CA certificates for Observability

 When you choose to bring your own Observability CA certificate, customize it to make it help you with your specific development needs. 
 

>  .Prerequisites

Reviewer: would we need to reiterate preqs here since we have this information on line 6 and8? Or conversely, delete the prereqs on line 6-8 and keep them here.

Author: Addressed this comment. thanks for catching that!

[#replace-cert-rbac]
== Replacing certificates for _rbac-query-proxy_ route

You can replace certificates for the `rbac-query-proxy` route by creating a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) by using the `csr.cnf` file.

> //does the user have to complete this section in order to customize the CA cert ? Or should this be its own file? | MJ | 09/30

Reviewer 2: You can chose to only use custom CAs in part of the Observability stack. You can replace the rbac-query-proxy route independently of the other certs in the section above.

Author: Thanks for confirming @jacobbaungard ! I will create a file for this section. It is a part of modularizing the docs

> You can replace certificates for the `rbac-query-proxy` route by creating a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) by using the `csr.cnf` file.
> 
> //does the user have to complete this section in order to customize the CA cert ? Or should this be its own file? | MJ | 09/30

Author: ```suggestion
//need to create an issue to create a file for this section| Mj | 10/02

You can replace certificates for the `rbac-query-proxy` route by creating a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) by using the `csr.cnf` file.
```

> .Prerequisites

Author: I added this as a prereq to address the inline link

> Generate CA certifates by using OpenSSl commands. See, xref:../secure_clusters/cert_byo.adoc#openssl-commands-ca[Generating CA certificates by using OpenSSL commands] to create certificates.

Author: ```suggestion
Generate CA certifates by using OpenSSL commands. See, xref:../secure_clusters/cert_byo.adoc#openssl-commands-ca[Generating CA certificates by using OpenSSL commands] to create certificates.
```

[#additional-resources-cert-byo]
== Additional resources

> - For information about updating route certificates to access object stores, see link:../observability/customize_observability.adoc#customizing-route-cert[Customizing route certification].

Reviewer: I get a file not found when I click this link the GitHub rendering of this doc. I believe you want to xref to the file I have here: 

```suggestion
- For information about updating route certificates to access object stores, see link:../observability/obs_custom_cert.adoc#customizing-route-cert[Customizing route certification].
```

Author: The link reference is taking the user to a different folder/book, which is considered an external link. So we would still need to `link:` syntax. I am editing your suggestion to include that and accept your suggestion for the filename. Thank you!
